Update user guide (#258)
AY2021S1-CS2103T-W16-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

The formats of the parameters used in the rest of the document are as follows:
* `TITLE` and `CATEGORY` should consist of <abbr title="Alphanumeric characters, space, and the special characters !&quot;#$%&'()*+,-./:;&lt;=&gt;?@[\]^_`{\|}~">printable ASCII characters</abbr>, and cannot begin with a space.

> * `AMOUNT`, `AMOUNT_FROM` and `AMOUNT_TO` should be non-negative numbers with up to 8 digits before yje decimal point and with 0 or 2 decimal places

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `AMOUNT`, `AMOUNT_FROM` and `AMOUNT_TO` should each be a non-negative number with up to 8 digits before the decimal point and with 0 or 2 decimal places after.
```

Reviewer: The changes here were reverted during the force push. #247 is now unresolved.

0123456789ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZabcdefghijkl
mnopqrstuvwxyz !"#$%&'()*+,-./:;<=>?@[\]^_`{|}~
  ```

> * `AMOUNT`, `AMOUNT_FROM` and `AMOUNT_TO` should be non-negative numbers with up to 8 digits before the decimal point and with 0 or 2 decimal places.
>   An optional `$` may be included in front as well.
> * `DATE`, `DATE_FROM` and `DATE_TO` should be a valid calendar date in `dd/mm/yyyy` format, representing day, month, and year respectively.

Reviewer: Inconsistent plurality between amounts and dates.
```suggestion
* `AMOUNT`, `AMOUNT_FROM` and `AMOUNT_TO` should be a non-negative number with up to 8 digits before the decimal point and with 0 or 2 decimal places.
  An optional `$` may be included in front as well.
* `DATE`, `DATE_FROM` and `DATE_TO` should be a valid calendar date in `dd/mm/yyyy` format, representing day, month, and year respectively.
```
\- OR -
```suggestion
* `AMOUNT`, `AMOUNT_FROM` and `AMOUNT_TO` should be non-negative numbers with up to 8 digits before the decimal point and with 0 or 2 decimal places.
  An optional `$` may be included in front as well.
* `DATE`, `DATE_FROM` and `DATE_TO` should be valid calendar dates in `dd/mm/yyyy` format, representing day, month, and year respectively.
```
However, the latter may suggest that multiple numbers or dates can be assigned to each amount/date.

Reviewer: Another alternative using `each`:
```suggestion
* `AMOUNT`, `AMOUNT_FROM` and `AMOUNT_TO` should each be a non-negative number with up to 8 digits before the decimal point and with 0 or 2 decimal places.
  An optional `$` may be included in front as well.
* `DATE`, `DATE_FROM` and `DATE_TO` should each be a valid calendar date in `dd/mm/yyyy` format, representing day, month, and year respectively.
```
